Added documentation to enable production logging (#4365)
hedgedoc/hedgedoc: docs/content/dev/setup/frontend.md

1. run `yarn analyze`. This will overwrite any existing builds!
2. Open the generated `.next/server/analyze/server.html` in your favourite browser

> ## Enable Logging in Production

Reviewer: That's not quite right. Logging is available in production. The only thing that is disabled is debug logging.

Author: @mrdrogdrog I have changed it to "Enable Debug Logging in Production"

> Logger can be enabled in production by setting debugLogging in localstorage to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The debug logger can be enabled in production by setting `debugLogging` in the browser's local storage to `true`.
```

> ```
> window.localStorage.setItem("debugLogging", 'true');
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be done e.g. by executing this JavaScript command in the browser's console.

\```javascript
window.localStorage.setItem("debugLogging", 'true');
\```
```

(Without the `\`. GitHub was just weird.)
